Tour Guide Messages
Room	Message
EPF Base Camp	This outpost is the base camp. You can check out the rescue HQ or go on a river expedition, just make sure to bring extra snacks!
Herbert's Hoard Lair	This was where Herbert was defeated and the puffles were freed. What happened here is top secret, but there are rumors that the EPF does not know where the puffles took him.
EPF Rescue HQ	This is the rescue headquarters. The EPF is hard at work to save puffles. Feel free to pitch in, take radio calls from agents or track puffles on the map.
Boot Camp	This is the Boot Camp. The EPF set it up so agents can train and get ready to explore. You can BBQ some fish or test your skill on the balance beam or climb the wall and hit the bell.
Lava Cliffs	We're passing by the Lava Cliffs. Up above is the Fire Dojo. These cliffs can be treacherous. Be careful if you climb. It's also a great place to roast marshmallows.
Puffle Vet station	Next on the river tour is the Puffle Vet station. It's here to keep puffles healthy and to help them recover. The vet always needs volunteers to help at the front desk, water the O'berry bush or take care of the puffles.
Ice Falls	The majestic Ice Falls. The current is strong here so be careful! There are powerful searchlights if you need to find something, like a lost sock or a rubber ducky that went downstream!
Rapids	Whoa! Rapids here! There's a whirlpool that sucks you in, try to stay together! It can be fun to ride these rapids, just call for help if you fall in!
River Cave	This is the River Cave. Look at the unique formations. This is a great spot for diving. Keep an eye out for puffles, lots of them show up here.
Treehouses	Here are the Treehouses. This is a great place to rest after traveling the river all day. There is fish and fire and the EPF has secured the area with cameras and searchlights
Ski Village	Here we have the Ski Village. Race down the Ski Hill and chill in the Ski Lodge. There's an Everyday Phoning Facility which sure is busy right now. The entrance to the wilderness is in the back. Head that way to rescue puffles.
Jokes
Question	Answer
What do you call a courteous spy?	A gent!
What's the stealthiest bug?	A spy-der!
Why did the spy show up without his gear?	Eavesdropped it!
What's Herbert's favorite piece of furniture?	A vege-table!
Where do you find polar bears?	It depends on where you lost them!
Why doesn't Herbert have any friends?	He's un-bear-able!
What do you call a polar bear with skates?	A roller bear
How did the penguins stay safe in the forest?	They went in trees!
What's great about camping?	It's in-tents!
What flies, bites, and talks in code?	A morse-quito!
Safe Chat Messages
Message
Save that puffle!
Let's go to the wilderness
Get on the river
Back to Rescue Headquarters!
Watch those rapids!
Stay vigilant agents!
The puffles need us!
The brain box is Herber-tech!
Campfire at the Treehouses